to me, a dealing with stress and a job is really a three pronged attack
that I always taken. I call it just very simply, mind, body and spirit.
Uh, make sure that my mind is sharp. So I'm reading. I'm always
learning different things. Body. I'm making sure I'm getting sleep.
I'm eating a reasonably good food. 80 20 80% good food, 20% I can
cheat, And then I'm making sure I'm I'm exercising. My body is moving,
getting my blood flowing and then a third. And what I would consider
the most important is the spirit. Making sure I'm connected to my
God, making sure I have, ah, strong relationship with him and a group
of fellow fellow believers to really keep me on task. So the mind
body spirit